we do a two ball shooting drill when we
have several guys in the gym so Lisa
let's go to the top and Jessica you're
gonna pass you've got a ball with your
there you go
perfect okay so now we're gonna set down
screens and both of these guys are going
to get a shot Chris was gonna walk the
arc and she's gonna fill off this down
screen Krista will get a fill shot and
Lisa will get a second cut right exactly
okay now show them what a curl looks
like we'll do the same thing they'll
each get a shot Krista will curl Lisa
will second cut high second cut high
there you go always second cut back to
the ball and opposite of the user back
to the ball opposite of the user let's
go one more time on a curl and a second
cut good good
all right now last one we're gonna back
cut and second cutter goes high again so
Krista will back cut second cut good all
right now same thing on back screens so
Lisa's at the top Krista's at the wing
here's Lisa's defender okay and always
remember that the defender in a back
screen will be closest to the ball all
right we get sometimes when we don't
have a defender out and we're going and
we're screening on an imaginary defender
we start setting the screen over here
this defender is always gonna be jump to
the ball at least a little bit she's
never gonna be on the opposite side of
her she'd should lay up and score so we
just set it back screen coach will throw
it over the top we'll finish step out
second cut you can go to the basket get
a good angle here we go back screen back
back back second cut okay good let's go
one more time one pass over the top and
one two a second cutter spotting up good
remember our screening rules - wait wait
wait and use okay good okay another
thing that you can do off of the off of
a back screen is you can reject it all
right so Lisa
or Krista comes to set this back screen
Lisa starts to use it and then she just
steps back and replaces herself and
Krista would slip so let's do that one
okay your defender starts cheating
imagine it your defender starts fighting
that back screen you step back and shoot
all right now we've got a flare screen
now we got a flare so the screeners
right here in the corner okay we set the
flare screen we're gonna use it so we're
gonna slip to the opposite block back us
to the corner slip good good ah yes save
the day okay now we're gonna curl it
because Lisa's defenders following her
over the top okay so the flare screener
will step out
Lisa's defenders following her over the
top of the basket here you go second
cutter goes high okay and then you can
also practice just your basket cut out
of this and this can happen out of any
of them Lisa makes the pass and I'm
missing her defender I'm worried about
this
she makes the basket cut and you exactly
you create space okay last one we can go
pin screens all right so you set a
screen right in here make a pass screen
the defense second cut put that defender
a little further in please okay one more
time we're gonna fill the second cut and
then we'll curl good
good all right this time show them a
curl coach
step back right and so your two passers
might have to move more toward the top
of the key when you're working on pin
screen